Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
I must be mad.
I should've known all along.
If your hobby is death.
you must be mad.
Mad I may be. Crazy I am not.
Don't take me for a psycho.
Corpses are not my thing.
What interests me is Death.
With a capital D.
Corpses scare me.
They have a terrible effect on me.
Actually.
one corpse had a terrible effect on me.
That's what I'm telling you about.
If Death doesn't interest you.
if you don't want to hear
about a corpse I knew when it was alive.
if you don't want to know
what happened to him and me.
and how he became a corpse.
you'd better stop right here.
This is no story for you.
SUMMER OF 85
Hey. Chris!
Did you get into final year?
Yeah. tech studies. You?
Literature. I think.
Wanna celebrate on your boat?
I'd love to. but...
I'm meeting someone.
Who?
Surprise.
Skip your meeting.
You can take the boat.
It's boring to go alone.
Sorry.
- See you around.
- Bye.
Help!
Need help?
Yeah.
It's simple.
Get it upright and I'll tow you in.
Try.
Climb up.
- These yours?
- Yeah.
Ever done it?
Grab the centreboard
and the boat'll turn over.
Ok?
Stand up. Good.
Go on.
Enter David Gorman.
aged 18 years and 1 month.
He's the future corpse.
David.
Here.
Thanks.
- You live out in Les Côteaux?
- Yeah.
We'll go to my house. it's closer.
Thanks. I'll be fine.
Don't argue.
I know about capsizes.
The boat belongs to a friend...
I'll handle the boats after.
Put on your jeans.
- How are you. Alexis?
- It's Alex.
Alex?
Since this summer.
Ok. Alex.
Know why you're here?
To discuss what you did.
I don't want to.
I'm not here to judge you.
but to understand.
The judge needs to know
why you did it.
- I'll give him my opinion.
- No.
It's none of your business.
Or anyone's.
Are Mrs. Gorman's accusations justified?
Ok.
The police officer's report says.
"The individual arrived at 11 p.m..."
Alexis!
You could go to jail.
Get a heavy sentence.
Come.
See? I live close.
Come in.
- Hi. honey.
- Mum. meet Alex.
No. it's Alexis.
What'd you do to him?
He capsized. that's all.
I keep telling you
those boats are dangerous!
It's ok.
The poor darling
is freezing to death.
A hot bath is all you need.
In the tub!
All David's capsized friends
go in the tub.
Some do it on purpose I think.
Move!
They must like my bathroom!
Off with your clothes.
What are you waiting for?
Think I don't know about boys?
Ma'am...
Don't be like David.
Locks his mum out of the bathroom!
I gave birth to him.
He's just bigger now.
- I'm not used to...
- Your mum neglects you?
In any case.
she can be proud of you.
Handsome boy.
Hop in. you'll catch your death.
I'll make you a sweet cup of tea.
Nothing better after such a shock.
Bathtubs always remind me of coffins.
The Gormans' reminded me
of a sarcophagus.
The whole room reminded me
of the grave chamber in a pyramid.
Nice swim?
Yeah.
I thought it was your mum.
I tricked her and snuck in.
What's worse. capsizing
or being undressed by your mum?
I'd rather capsize.
Can you hand me the towel?
- Sure.
- Thanks.
Mum's going to the shop.
if you want to stay.
I have to dock my pal's boat.
then go to school.
Ok.
I've got clean clothes for you.
I'll deal with the boat.
- Thanks.
- Sure.
When you're done. it's the last door.
Ok.
- Here.
- Thanks.
We're about the same size.
- Shoe size?
- 8.
I'm 9. Want some shoes?
No thanks. mine'll dry out.
- There.
- Thanks.
- What's that?
- This...
is for hair.
There's a mirror.
Cool.
- Hungry?
- Yeah. but I'm late.
Mum made us a snack.
She'll be upset if you don't eat.
You two do this
to every boy who capsizes?
'Course not.
I'm off today. I can look after you.
C'mon.
My father died suddenly last year.
I'm sorry.
Don't worry. it's over.
He and Mum ran the shop.
Mum did the accounts.
Dad knew a bit about sailing.
He was a sailor when he was young.
Customers liked him.
He could sell them anything.
When he died.
I had no choice.
I quit school and started working
full time at the shop.
Tough. leaving school
to be a salesman.
I'm no salesman.
I run the shop.
Right.
The shop earns our living.
It was Dad's whole life.
But not necessarily yours.
Would you follow
your dad's footsteps?
My dad's a docker at the shipyard.
Don't wanna be a docker?
- What do you wanna do?
- No idea.
That's the big question.
Get a job. or stay in school?
That's why Lefèvre wants to see me.
You can count on him
to give you his opinion.
Did he counsel you too?
A few times.
You'll tell me about it tonight.
What?
You gotta come get your clothes.
Mum'll wash them.
I'd like to get mine back too.
I dock the boat. you see Lefèvre.
then we go to the cinema.
Sound good?
Yeah.
- Meet me here at 8?
- Ok.
Perfect.
Mr. Robin. come in.
So...
Since when. the interest in death?
As I wrote. it's been a while.
As I kid. I loved the Egyptians.
their relationship with death.
the funeral rites. the mummies.
I see.
Would you call
this modest piece of prose
a documentary essay
or a work of fiction?
I don't really know.
It's about things I've felt.
But I invented the details.
I'll be frank with you. Mr. Robin.
Yes?
Your work is very promising.
Thank you. sir.
I'm not saying you're a literary genius.
far from it.
Some of your classmates produce
more impressive work.
But you're progressing.
Thank you.
Have you decided
what to do next year?
Dad wants me to work...
- And Mum wants you to be happy?
- Exactly.
I pushed to have you
in my literature class.
You're gifted.
You're a credit to the school.
I'll help if you decide to stay.
Thank you. sir.
Think it over.
I'm here if you want to talk.
Seeing the judge didn't change him.
He wanders like a zombie.
shuts himself away.
Won't even go to the beach.
Alexis is a sweet boy.
He's not like other boys his age.
He's intelligent.
But sometimes
we don't understand what he's saying.
Maybe he needs a kick in the arse!
I disagree.
He's had enough trauma.
What we want.
is for him to be ok.
We want to help him.
He's our son and we love him.
Your caseworker is here.
Thank you.
Your mother thinks I should meet
your teacher. Mr. Lefèvre.
What do you think?
I don't care.
Do what you want.
Ah. hello!
David. it's your new friend.
- The one who capsized.
- Let him in.
Go on!
David's a bad boy.
He came to work on his day off.
He does that every week.
- I brought your clothes.
- Thanks.
- Hungry?
- No thanks. I ate at home.
What good is a day off
if you go to work?
He's worse than his father.
A slave to that shop for 20 years.
Result? He's dead.
I thought you were his friend.
Some friend!
- Answer the lady.
- What?
Are you my friend?
Am I your friend?
I think you are. but are you?
- If you think so...
- You are?
In which case we can safely say...
That I'm indeed your friend.
Some friend.
letting you work
when you two should be out having fun.
and you should be resting.
Alex didn't know I went.
He had an important meeting.
He's innocent.
Is that true?
Yeah.
You're so cute.
I could eat you up!
My adorable little bunny!
Mum...
Your game show's on.
Already?
But my dishes!
- We'll do them.
- Really?
Then we'll go to the cinema.
- Have fun.
- Thanks.
David. don't stay out all night.
I promise.
- Alex. can I trust you?
- Yes.
My David needs a real friend.
It's lovely to see you together.
- Goodnight. Mum.
- Goodnight.
Shall we take my Suzuki?
If you like.
Wait. no spare helmet.
Too many cops in town.
- I'll buy you one.
- Will we be taking a trip?
Why not?
Tuesday. Wednesday afternoon.
Thursday. and Saturday all day.
Mum's a genius with numbers
but hopeless with customers.
It's too much for me alone.
What's your mum say?
She's counting on you.
She'd be so happy.
I'll think about it.
Scared of me?
I just need to think.
Ok. no need to shit bricks.
- Bit more than a job offer though.
- No.
Just be polite. relaxed. cheerful...
It's not rocket science.
Customers will love your angel face.
I'm not thinking of them.
Who. then?
Want the truth?
I dare you.
- I'm thinking of you.
- Me? What'd I do now?
We only met this morning.
Why waste time?
We're all mortals.
Yeah.
I need time to get used to it.
Ok. I'll shut up.
Here's an idea.
We get a drink.
My treat.
Then I take you home.
Wait. look at that guy.
Move. arsehole!
Look out!
What are you doing?
Move!
Shut up!
Let me swim!
No swimming for you.
What do we do?
Get him somewhere safe
so he can ferment.
How about the morgue?
The morgue?
- Is it low tide?
- Yeah.
- It's low tide.
- I'm gonna take a dip!
Let him sleep it off.
We can't leave him here.
No one else cares.
He'll get hurt.
Fuck him.
It's his own fault he's drunk.
You didn't say that
this morning on the boat.
Right. Thanks for saving me.
Mr. Good Shepherd!
Anytime.
I don't see much difference
between his drunken stupidity
and yours on that boat.
- Guys...
- Yeah?
I got a surprise for you.
Now what?
I pissed myself.
Really?
Alex. it's funny!
He wanted a swim and wet himself!
You ok?
Look. the beach.
Slower. slower...
Alex. stop sulking!
The night is young.
I don't see why you're helping him.
- You always need a reason?
- Yes.
He's a nice guy. ok?
Don't leave me. guys!
Come help me.
Get up.
C'mon.
We'll put him here.
- Am I dead?
- Not yet.
I feel dead...
Fuck!
Discovering the sleeping boy's face.
I realized why David
had insisted on rescuing him.
And why. that very morning.
he'd come to rescue me.
Still not up?
- I went to bed late. Dad.
- No excuses.
Stop being lazy.
Hurry. your mother has work.
- What's going on?
- Nothing.
Mum. come have a coffee.
It's not my coffee time yet.
Treat yourself for once.
You're right. love.
Stop sleeping so late.
Your father's worried.
What's he care?
I'm on holiday and he's at work.
- He asks me what you do.
- Don't tell him.
I can't lie to your father. love.
It was past one when you came in.
He says you need to find a job
to keep you busy
and butter our bread.
You want me to stay in school.
He thinks if you worked...
But what do you think?
I want you to do
what makes you happy.
- That's what counts.
- I don't know what would.
Many people don't know.
and never find out.
Lefèvre says I should stay in school.
graduate and study literature.
- What use will that be?
- Not much.
Even he says so.
Strange teacher.
advising something of no use.
- He meant for work.
- Work is what counts.
Right. Mum.
Fantastic. I'm thrilled.
Come to the shop.
We'll discuss pay and celebrate.
Mum wants to talk to you.
Alex?
Yes. Mrs. Gorman.
- Coming to work with us?
- Yes.
Splendid!
I'll finally have time for myself.
But listen.
I'm a little upset with you.
Why?
You promised
you wouldn't keep David out late.
He came in at four.
You call that early?
Four in the morning?
You promised me.
Four is too late.
Especially when David works mornings.
Weekends are ok.
- I'm sorry. but...
- Never mind.
I'll let it go this time.
Kisses. my little bunny.
David says I talk too much.
Here he is.
Alex?
Yeah.
I'll explain tonight.
We'll be a great team.
Sure.
See you later. Alex.
David had asked me if I was his friend.
But was he really mine?
Someone you can count on
in any circumstance?
Someone you can trust?
Could I trust David?
The sea is fine.
Don't you think?
Enter Kate. 21 years old.
Hope you don't mind me talking to you.
Go right ahead.
I need to work on my French.
I'm rather rusty.
You speak well.
Thanks!
I only arrived 3 days ago.
- Where from?
- England.
My name is Kate.
I'm Alex. Nice to meet you.
Alex?
Yeah. Short for Alexis.
I don't like Alexis.
Alex is good. I like it.
Right.
I'm going to sunswim now.
It's sunbathe. not sunswim.
Sunbathe.
Will you sunbathe with me?
I'm meeting someone.
A pretty girl. I suppose?
No. a friend.
He's got a summer gig for me.
Gig?
A grind...
a job!
Must be a good friend.
I don't know yet.
Maybe we'll meet again?
Hope so.
I work as an au pair girl.
Are you on holiday?
No. we moved here two years ago.
See you around. I come often.
Sounds good.
Bye.
Hi Alex. How are you?
I'm ok.
- Shall I show you the shop?
- Yeah.
CLOSED
Are you mad about last night?
You went back to the drunk?
Yeah. I felt guilty.
Leaving him alone on the beach...
I got scared.
So I went back.
Good thing too.
There were weirdos around.
Then what?
I woke him up and we talked until...
Until four in the morning?
Yeah. He was wasted.
Stop. David.
It's none of my business.
Ok. Forget it. then.
Close your eyes.
- Why?
- Close your eyes.
- Got a surprise for you.
A surprise?
Close your eyes.
So. where is it?
Hang on. it's coming.
Open them.
- Is this it?
- Yeah.
To hug roads. not boats.
- It's...
- Beautiful.
And it hides your ugly face.
- But I don't have a bike.
- I do.
You and I
will take a thousand trips.
C'mon.
It's your last night of freedom.
Tomorrow. I'm your boss
and you're my slave.
It's my first time.
Never put your feet down.
Always keep them on the footrests.
Here and here.
Then relax.
Lean into the movement.
Let yourself go.
Hang on to me tight.
Ready.
It wasn't anti-Semitic.
He and Gorman were close.
Alexis was devastated.
He's still in shock.
The judge needs a reason
for his behaviour.
You're the only person he trusts.
I need your help.
If we don't know by next week.
the judge will place him in detention.
I can't betray my pupil's trust in me.
- He must talk to you himself.
- He refuses.
- I may have an idea.
- What?
If you recommend he stays in school.
I can't do anything
until I understand what happened.
- Do you always drive like that?
- How?
Dangerously fast.
I don't go fast.
It doesn't feel fast.
Are you kidding?
It sure felt like speed to me.
Hang on.
Fast is one thing. speed is another.
my little bunny.
Don't call me your little bunny
like your mum.
Ok. bunny!
Cut it out. moron.
Explain your speed thing.
I never feel I'm going fast.
But speed always feels near.
just in front of me.
So I go faster and faster.
trying to catch it.
But speed always stays
out of reach.
I never feel like I'm going fast
or even accelerating.
- Get it?
- Yeah.
- What if you caught it?
- That's my dream.
It'd be like being
in an invisible bubble
that could take me anywhere
in a split second.
I'd move effortlessly.
No sounds. no vibrations.
Some dream.
You never have such dreams?
Hey. Chris!
What's up?
This is my friend David.
Nice to meet you.
You screwed me.
- What do you mean?
- My boat. asshole.
You should've told me.
I had to tow it and pay a fine.
Sorry. my fault.
Who asked you. clown?
Don't call me names.
I'll call you what I like. faggot!
Stop!
Cops!
- Cops!
- David!
Break it up!
C'mon. David!
Run!
Grab the helmets!
Wow!
- You got creamed!
- Fuck!
Did you see Chris' face?
Sorry.
Take that off.
Go on.
What a bastard.
- Does it hurt?
- Yes.
Feel ok?
I know what you're
going through is difficult.
Your relationship with David Gorman
is hard for many to understand.
But you're not alone.
What I mean is.
you need to save your skin.
The caseworker and judge
are capable of understanding.
You have no choice. you must explain.
The story of your "friendship."
The reasons for your behaviour.
I can't seem to.
Sometimes it's easier to write.
You know I admire your writing.
Write your story.
Tell it with your words. your emotions.
Your pain.
Where do I start?
Coming?
- Your mother?
- Don't worry. she's asleep.
You want me to describe
what happened behind that door?
Only normal.
We all want to know
the secrets behind closed doors.
But I won't tell you.
Just one thing.
It was the most beautiful night
of my life.
And it was with David.
I gotta go.
Stay.
I can't.
Mum worries and Dad yells.
Tomorrow night?
Ok. but you'll be the death of me.
I'm dead tired already.
Always on about death.
It worries you that much?
- No.
- Then why talk about it?
It interests me.
Not you?
Not much.
And your dad?
That's different.
I'm alive and my dad is gone.
I miss him.
That's what's hard about death.
The absence of the ones you loved.
You seem fascinated
by the idea of death.
Yeah. maybe.
Know what we should do with death?
Laugh in its face.
Easy to say when we're young.
You and I should take an oath.
- An oath?
- Yeah.
Whoever dies first.
the other promises
to dance on his grave.
See? You're mad.
Think I'm joking?
No. I think you're insane.
Gotta change this hair.
- How so?
- Dunno.
I'll try tomorrow.
- With your magic comb?
- No.
With scissors.
Promise me?
If I die first.
you dance on my grave.
- Don't be dumb.
- I'm very serious.
- You'll live to be 90.
- No buts. just promise.
- Why?
- For me.
- I'm tired. let me go.
- No.
Just promise. no big deal.
- Is it that hard?
- No. but...
I don't understand.
Stop trying to understand everything.
Some things you'll never understand.
So promise.
Why keep arguing?
The friend of my dreams
stood before me
and asked me to take a stupid oath.
At that moment.
there was nothing I could refuse him.
I promise.
For you.
And no other reason.
From beginning to end
was six weeks.
1.008 hours.
60.480 minutes.
3.628.800 seconds.
The whole time. even up to now.
I wondered: Why David?
Why him and not another?
It can't be just his looks.
It can't be just physical. sexual.
Can it?
For codfish and bass. these are best.
I trust you.
Two packets.
You can exchange.
Now for a rod...
Alex. help me for the rod.
- We're fixing something.
- You're here too?
I didn't know.
This is our latest model...
Highly recommended. Fantastic.
This is the latest model.
But your husband should come in.
Maybe I loved him.
I believed I did.
I loved him as much as
I understood the meaning of the word.
How do you ever know?
I always thought I'd know
the minute it happened.
But all I knew
was I couldn't get enough of him.
I wanted to spend
every second of my time with him.
But when I was with him.
that wasn't enough either.
I wanted to look at him.
touch him. feel his touch.
I wanted us to be together all the time.
for 3.628.800 seconds.
I was so worried.
He was keeping bad company.
Got into plenty of trouble.
Running wild night and day.
Worried me sick.
It's not his fault. he was unhappy.
Now the David we love is back.
Thanks to you.
It's true.
He'd been so unhappy
since his father died.
You do each other good.
- Thanks. Mrs. Gorman.
- No. thank you.
Maybe you can even
improve business together.
Meaning?
I've been thinking.
Why don't you work full-time
in the fall?
It's a good job. good pay.
In a few years.
once you learn the ropes.
we could open a second store
in the tourist area.
That was Simon's dream.
My husband.
What do you say?
Does David want to?
He hasn't said.
but I know he thinks about it.
- Will you think about it too?
- Ok. I will.
Do you mind your mum next door?
Does she mind?
She takes strong sleeping pills
since Dad died.
Think she knows about us?
She's good at seeing
what she wants to see.
"You must forgive us everything.
In this way.
we will be happiest.
And. if sorrow our life does bring.
We shall weep together.
and be blessed."
"Let us be two children. two young men.
Enamoured of nothing. amazed by all.
Who go and lie pale under leafy stems.
Not knowing all is forgiven them."
- Verlaine.
- Yeah.
- They say he wrote it for Rimbaud.
- How do you know it?
Think you're Lefèvre's only pet?
- You had Lefèvre when you quit school?
- Yeah.
He was furious when I left.
He said I was betraying my talent.
wasting my life
with an abusive mother.
Fucker didn't spare me.
Did you tell him about the shop
and your father?
He must've understood.
Did you?
Not at first. but I do now.
Should we hire Lefèvre?
That'd be funny.
For you.
Not for the customers.
Still think about it?
Lefèvre or leaving school?
Both.
No. not really.
And your father?
Always.
Was he the oath?
What?
Did he ask you to dance on his grave?
No.
I would've loved that.
You always wear the same clothes.
Money troubles?
- Not only.
- So why?
I never know what suits me.
I see things I like.
- Yeah.
- Like this.
Then it doesn't suit me.
This would suit you.
- Shut up.
- You'd get me even hotter.
Pervert. Get off me.
C'mon.
Let's give you a makeover!
Not bad.
Try this.
- How much is this?
- 149 francs.
Try this first.
Alexis!
- Hello Alex!
- Kate!
I don't usually have such an effect.
Kate. meet David.
Kate's an au pair
improving her French.
Nice to meet you.
I saw you two on a boat.
- It had a nice name.
- Calypso?
Calypso. that's it.
My father named it.
He was a sailor.
Rather beautiful.
Thank you.
- We could take Kate out sometime.
- Sure.
- I'd love that.
- Really?
- Can you sail?
- If someone explains it to me.
Don't worry. he'll explain.
Are you a good swimmer?
- I think so.
- Alex here...
excels at capsizing.
Stop it.
- No?
- No.
Then you should stay in charge.
Don't worry. he will.
- Let's go now.
- Where?
On the Calypso.
Why not?
- Got your stuff?
- Over there.
Let's go.
Wait a sec.
Get your stuff and join us.
That was how the end began.
Trouble is. there's so much
I don't remember about the end.
making it hard to tell the police.
the judge or the caseworker.
Other bits I remember in great detail.
The rescue. our first night.
the frisson in the cinema.
our motorcycle rides.
I can describe them
heartbeat by heartbeat.
They were great moments.
4Made great by being together.
Nothing else.
But the beginning of the end
was not a great moment.
It was trivial.
Ordinary.
And dead sad.
Hello. sir. Have a nice day.
Hi. handsome!
How's business?
- Slow.
- Tough shit.
- Had a good night?
- Yeah.
Full of contortions
and erotic sensations.
I can tell from here.
- Really?
- I had a good teacher.
By the way. no class today.
So what?
I didn't sign up for English.
Bit cranky this morning?
Bit obnoxious this morning?
Don't push your luck.
- Me pushing my luck?
- Yeah.
Look who's talking.
You don't own me. pal.
Did I say I did?
- Don't call me pal.
- Sorry. little bunny.
I thought we were friends.
Bit more than friends. no?
You came after me. remember.
I came after you?
- No I didn't.
- What?
- Wishful thinking.
- You hit on me!
You came to my rescue.
waving my jeans in the air!
You gave me a bath.
loaned me your clothes.
made eyes at me as we ate!
Fondled me at the cinema!
Calm the fuck down!
I don't remember you resisting.
Hello. ma'am.
- How are you?
- Fine. thanks.
- How can I help?
- I'd like a rod.
Why?
What does it matter?
- Nothing happened.
- Nothing at all?
Nothing worth bothering about.
I want to understand why.
- You're getting annoying.
- Tell me.
It's happened before.
No big deal.
You didn't shit bricks before.
- This is different.
- Because it's a girl?
Then why?
You dropped me like an old sock.
You seduced her on the boat
like I wasn't there.
Made me dock the boat
while you played with your new toy.
You dump me.
then act like all is well!
I'm not a maid at your service. pal!
Are you done?
No. tell me why.
You don't really want to know.
I think you're just jealous.
It'll pass.
- Don't patronize me!
- I'm explaining.
You call this an explanation?
Ok. know what?
Let's make peace.
I behaved badly. Sorry.
We go back to how we were.
forget this. and be happy.
Stop it!
Not this time.
I don't know when I decided.
Right then. I guess.
As soon as I said it.
I knew I'd regret it.
Deep silence.
Eyes on eyes. waiting.
It was the saddest moment of my life.
Careful. Alex.
Some things are better left unsaid.
You can't take them back.
Like oaths of eternal friendship?
Swearing to dance on graves?
Is that what you mean?
You want to know?
Ok. I'll tell you.
I'm getting bored.
- Bored?
- Bored. yes.
With what?
- With who.
- What. who?
You.
Me?
Weren't we happy?
That's the fucking problem.
You're happy.
Totally.
I was happy.
We were happy together. but...
not anymore.
You should've said.
We can do other things...
- That's not the point.
- So what is?
- I told you. it's you!
- What about me?
It's you. you bore me!
We had some good times.
I had a blast with you.
But I like change.
See?
I want different people.
One's not enough.
Not for me.
Ok.
I came after you.
I was into you right away.
I thought we were the same.
I thought you just...
wanted to have fun
and do tons of stuff together!
But what we do doesn't matter.
It's me.
It's me you want.
And that's impossible. Alex.
I'm sorry.
It's too heavy for me.
I won't be owned.
Not by anyone.
Ever.
Alex. come back!
What the hell happened?
David?
Alex! Are you here?
David. what happened?
Did you do this? Where's Alex?
Home already?
I'm going to my room.
- Feeling better?
- Yeah.
- Eating with us?
Your dad will be happy.
...speeding. missed a curve.
Several witnesses were on the scene.
What did you see?
It seemed he was trying to fly.
He must've been drunk. stoned
or crazy. He had no helmet.
It was shocking.
Leaving already?
Mrs Gorman. let me in!
- Mrs Gorman!
- Please go away.
What happened?
Tell me!
- You don't know?
- No.
David just died. My son is dead.
You killed him.
Get out of here
or I'll call the police.
Disappear!
I thought: it's my fault.
He died in anger. because of me.
No.
He was glad to be rid of me.
so he rode fast to celebrate.
He was finally inside
his timeless bubble.
Did he dream it?
Was he trying to live his dream?
No. none of that.
It was Kate's fault.
Not that he loved her. No.
He regretted being with her.
He died full of remorse.
I kept thinking it was all my fault.
If I'd come back when he called...
But did he call?
I wish I'd been on the bike with him.
I kept thinking.
David's not dead. he can't be.
I want him to still be here.
Mum's worried.
She sent me up with coffee.
You didn't say a word last night.
You didn't eat.
Sorry. I'm not well.
What is it now?
You don't know?
How can we? You never tell us.
David Gorman is dead.
The boy from the shop?
Yes.
Motorcycle accident.
You hadn't known him long.
Six weeks.
These things happen.
How's Mrs Gorman holding up?
Badly.
Only normal.
She'll be needing help.
You could help her in the shop.
She was kind. paid you well.
Show her she can count on you.
Get up and go to work. ok?
Good.
If you need anything. any help...
you know where to come.
I'm off.
I'll tell Mum you're coming.
Who's there?
Anyone?
No. Mrs Gorman.
It's me. Alex.
I wanted to ask you something.
Have you no pity?
No decency?
I must see David. I must see his body.
One last time.
It's important to me.
I trusted you.
Look how you paid us back.
Please. I want to see him. I must.
I loved him too. you know?
How dare you say such a thing?
He'd be alive
if he hadn't gone after you.
Gone after me? How so?
He told me everything.
Showed me what you broke.
He took the bike and went to find you.
I couldn't stop him.
I knew my David needed a friend.
A real friend.
I gave him his freedom.
Look at the result.
He's gone to join his father.
You'll never see him again.
You hear me?
Never.
A sentence rang out clear as a bell.
"I should die to join David."
But how?
Pills?
Slit throat?
Slit wrists?
Poison?
Suffocation?
Hanging?
Find a firearm?
I read about a tribe
whose members could lie down
and will themselves to die.
I tried for half an hour.
It didn't work.
I'd have to take action.
Lefèvre was right.
The only way back to David
was to write.
Tell our story.
Bring him back to life with words.
I got the hearing postponed
and told Alexis we need his text.
- Any news?
- Yes. he's writing all the time.
I think it's been therapeutic.
Could I read some?
It's too soon. we mustn't interrupt.
You don't have to tell him.
Ever heard of confidentiality?
Teachers have ethics too.
Hurry him up.
I don't need a novel.
Funny you say that.
He may indeed be writing one.
Just make sure
he's not making anything up.
It's terrible.
I can't stop crying.
How'd you find out?
I called his house and got his Mum.
- She's in bad shape.
- Yeah.
- She never wants to see me again.
- Why?
You and David were such good friends.
Not only friends.
What's that mean in French?
Does it mean more than friends?
I'm sorry. I didn't know.
You couldn't know.
I should've guessed.
Are you shocked?
No.
Just surprised.
Because he slept with you too.
You know?
We even fought over it.
Can I tell you everything. Kate?
Yes. I'd like that.
Had I thought about it.
Kate would've been the last person
I'd have wanted to be with.
But in truth.
Kate was the only one
I could confide in about David and me.
So I told her everything.
Sometimes we laughed.
First time I laughed in 48 hours.
Now and then she asked a question.
Towards the end she wept.
Softly.
without a word.
and without fuss.
I haven't told you everything. Kate.
I want to know everything.
When we met. David made me swear
that whoever died first.
the other would dance on his grave.
That's weird.
- I know.
- You won't do it?
A promise is a promise.
I have no choice.
Maybe you can help me.
- Dance?
- No. I do that.
Then how?
It may be even weirder.
but I need to see his body.
What?
I know it's crazy. but I need to.
To be sure he's really dead.
Poor Alex.
It wasn't just a fling.
Hello.
Hello. Alexis.
Hello. Mr Lefèvre.
So. got something I can read?
Yes.
I've made progress.
But... it's complicated.
I hope you'll like it.
Let's have a look.
Here. put these on.
What are they?
No way. never.
In jeans you look like a boy.
Gotta show your legs.
Otherwise. we shave.
- Being a girl sucks.
- Yep.
Men like girls' legs soft and hairless.
You can still change your mind.
There's always a fateful moment
when you realize if you keep going.
there's no turning back.
I learned it that day. thanks to Kate.
Would David find this sexy?
I don't know.
You knew him better than I did.
But I think you're super sexy.
Let's park here.
- Stay there.
- Ok.
All good! But hurry.
It's against the rules.
he could be fired.
How'd you do it?
His name is Bernard.
You're Susanne.
I hate that name!
It's my sister's name. C'mon.
Focus on your character:
a girl in love who wants to see
her lover's body one last time.
His mother forbid it.
She was against your relationship.
No need to play a girl for that.
The guard may not like
two boys in love!
Come on.
This way. girls. Quickly.
So very tragic.
Young love breaks my heart.
Never seen such a place?
No. sir.
I'm not allowed to do this.
We know.
She's a quiet one.
Susanne is devastated.
It's been horrible for her.
I understand.
Ever seen a corpse. Susanne dear?
Are you up to it?
I can't take my eyes off that head
lying flat on the metal tray.
I wish for only one thing.
For his eyes to open.
For his mouth to speak.
For his hands to caress me.
For his heart to beat.
For his body to be him again: David.
What's the matter with you?
- Get off!
- Alex!
Alex?
What on earth?
My god!
What? Oh...
Wearing makeup now?
No. a friend is putting on a play.
I thought you were like Uncle Jacky.
- Uncle Jacky?
- Your dad can't hear his name.
Uncle Jacky dresses like a woman?
Don't worry. I won't say anything.
Wash up before Dad...
Hang on. where's Uncle Jacky now?
Hurry. Dad'll be home soon.
Right.
Alexis?
Yeah?
Are you ok?
I'm fine. Mum.
- This really happened?
- Yes.
Did you exaggerate?
I tried to tell it
the best I could. in detail.
Some words were hard to find.
but I managed.
Indeed you did.
It's strange.
Since I started writing.
I feel like I've become
a character myself.
Does it scare you?
No. it feels good.
It forces me to focus less on my pain
and more on the story.
the characters and the writing.
Time to write the climax.
The caseworker and judge are waiting.
- The crime scene. the cemetery.
- I know.
That's the hardest part to tell.
Mind if I let Miss Martin
read some of this.
to reassure her?
- That I'm not crazy?
- Yeah.
If you like.
- Can I ask you something?
- Of course.
Did you know David well?
Yes.
Did he seduce you too?
But he was a student.
And I was his teacher.
- Hello?
- Mrs. Gorman?
I realized I have no photo of David.
Could you give me one?
Hello?
Are you there?
- Hello?
- Hello sir. it's Alex.
Stop calling or we'll call the police.
I just need a photo...
Enough!
I see him dead!
I want to remember him alive...
David would be buried
in a matter of days.
I needed to know
all about Jewish funeral rites.
Preparation of the body.
the wake. the burial...
I learned that they wait
at least a year after the burial
before erecting a headstone.
How will I recognize his grave?
What're you doing?
Going out for air.
At 2 in the morning?
You'll catch cold.
Don't worry. I'll cover up.
We shouldn't have moved.
We were at home there.
everything was simpler.
We're here now. Everything's fine.
Go back to bed.
Can I make you something warm?
I'm not hungry. I just need air.
I've been in bed too long.
Don't go far.
You never know who might be out.
Go back to bed.
Mum?
Did you like Uncle Jacky?
Yes.
I don't know how long the fit lasted.
I'd gone mad.
Completely mad.
What was I digging for?
Was I trying to join David?
I don't know.
But I still hadn't danced.
Dad?
Yes?
Remember you said
to ask if I needed help?
Yes.
I need to deliver this letter.
Would you?
A girl?
A friend.
With my bum foot.
it's better if she comes here.
Is she pretty?
She's English.
A foreigner?
England's not in France. Dad.
Mind if she comes?
Check with your mother.
But will you take her my letter?
If it'll do you good. yes.
Thanks. Dad.
Thinking back on that scene.
maybe Dad knew.
He understood David
was more than a friend.
Perhaps one day.
we'll be able to talk about it.
I nearly didn't come.
- Why?
- You abandoned me
to that horrible man at the morgue.
I was half-naked. I had to run.
- Did he catch you?
- No. I'm much too fast.
So?
So nothing! He could have.
I'm sorry.
I regret going.
I forgive you.
Seeing you run without the wig
in a bra was funny.
There's something else.
What now?
I wasn't able
to dance on David's grave.
Well. it doesn't matter.
Yes it does.
I had another fit. Kate.
- I dug into his grave.
- What?
- You're crazy!
- I know.
I don't know why.
It was worse than the morgue.
- I was trying to hit him.
- Hit him?
And reach him.
I was angry. and also really sad.
Everything mixed together.
- Do you understand?
- No.
And yes.
I don't know.
Maybe you feel guilty about his death.
Mrs. Grey will wonder where I am.
Wait. Kate.
I need to talk. you do me good.
Please.
You know.
when you tell a friend the truth.
he resents you for life.
Try me.
You really want to know what I think?
Yes.
I think from the start
it wasn't David you loved.
It was your idea of David.
The truth is
you loved a face and a body.
into which you put
the person you wanted.
The friend of your dreams.
So he didn't really exist?
Maybe not.
Nonsense. David existed.
I was with him. I slept with him.
So did you.
Yes. someone existed.
But not the person we thought.
So we invent the people we love?
That's dumb.
I have to go.
You know.
you asked me
to tell you what I thought.
No problem.
Thanks for helping me with the morgue.
Really.
I don't understand.
Get him!
C'mon.
Calm down.
- C'mon.
- Let me go!
Let me go.
That's how.
on the 2nd of September 1985.
two cops arrested
an unstable boy of sixteen.
I didn't even care.
I'd kept my promise.
Mr. Alexis Robin. please.
You're here today
for damaging the grave of your friend.
Mr. David Gorman.
who died in a motorcycle accident
after you two fought over a girl
you were both courting.
You explained and justified
your behaviour
by evoking an oath
you made with the deceased.
But desecrating a grave.
Mr. Robin. is a crime
punishable by law.
The court hereby sentences you
to 140 hours of community service.
and strongly recommends
psychological treatment.
- Understood?
- Yes. your Honora.
The hearing is adjourned.
Hey!
Hi.
- Do I know you?
- Don't think so.
I recognize you.
A friend and I dragged you to the beach.
You were drunk.
Maybe...
My friend David looked after you.
Did you cut your hair?
Yeah. I was sick of it.
My girlfriend liked it.
but she dumped me.
Shit.
It's over now.
Work here?
For six months. after school.
You?
I start in a week.
Helping the old man repair boats
in the harbour.
Cool.
What are you up to?
Nothing special.
Having a smoke.
Want to take a boat ride?
I know a sweet boat. the Calypso.
Why not.
Is it yours?
It is now.
Needs some repairs.
I'm your man.
Let's go.
It's an orange dinghy in the harbour...
Please don't think my story ends here.
I don't know the ending myself.
Maybe this is just the beginning.
I told you about
my summer of 85 with David.
the friend of my dreams.
so you'd understand
how I became what I am.
Or perhaps what I no longer am.
For the only thing that matters
is to somehow manage
to escape your history.